28 march 2022
Attended intro lecture. Got together with the project group and agreed on a basic work and meeting schedule as well as everyone’s main role/function within the group. My main role will be to develop the backend system.

Time: 2,5 hrs

 
30 march 2022
Group meeting. Set up code repositories, file structures, and project management aids (Trello). Discussed the project requirements to find a common understanding on what needs to be done during the first stage of the project. Drew up an initial, general architecture for the backend application. Also discussed more detailed technical implementations such as how to specifically communicate with the mower and the mobile app respectively. The tentative decision is to use sockets for the mower communication and a combination of REST API with callbacks for the mobile app communication.
Attended lecture on Project Process.

Time: 5 hrs

 
31 March 2022
Continued work on the backend application’s skeleton. Got the basic file structure with dependency injection in place. Created a MySQL database and started creating tables, although this is still work-in-progress depending on how the final technical implementation will be done. During the planning we have discussed how to maintain the connection between the mower and the backend, and the app and the backend respectively. We also decided to clarify from the examinator whether it is OK if the mower maintains a socket connection with the backend beside the REST API communication.
 
Time: 4hrs


5 April 2022
Attended sprint planning meeting with the entire team in the morning. Attended the lecture on wireless communication afterwards. The afternoon was spent with more detailed planning between the members in the backend 'squad'. My task(s) for the day was to write backbone code in accordance with the three-layer architecture. I managed to do this for the Data-Access-Layer and the Business-Logic-Layer as well as to write some test code for creating new users to the platform.

Time: 8 hrs


6 April 2022
Watched the pre-recorded lecture on Bluetooth and certification. Had a stand-up meeting with the backend squad and decided what to work on during the day. Robin and I worked on finalizing the database structure, so that it is (hopefully) done. We ran into (and solved) an issue where VS Code apparently changes the formatting of line breaks from LF to CRLF, which made a shell script impossible to run when running the app on a Windows machine.

Time: 5 hrs


7 April 2022
Started working on implementing the functionality for the robot to send an image via an "event". For my part that meant creating a Mower class, writing code to create a standard user and a standard mower when initializing the database. Also started writing repository functions for the mower resource in the db.

Time: 3,5 hrs


11 April 2022
Had the weekly spring planning meeting in the morning. Continued work in the afternoon with adding more functionality to the Mower and Coordinate resources and their respective classes. Had some discussions within the squad regarding the architecture, and whether we should contain database storage/retrieval functions within the class itself, or if such functions should be kept outside. We decided that Robin makes a trial for in-class option for the Journey resource to see if can make it work in a clean and concise way.

Time: 4,5 hrs


13 April 2022
Attended the morning lecture on LIDAR. Worked on making the classes of the backend application compatible with Awilix Dependency Injection. Had some more lengthy (and interesting) discussions on the general architecture of the application regarding how extensively classes should be used. Also formulated most (?) of the low level requirements needed for the backend.

Time: 6 hrs


19 April
Attended the lecture on localization.

Time: 2 hrs


20 April 2022
Continued the planning of the class-based architecture with regard to resource handling. Also panned out the REST API architecture and data flow between the backend and the mower and smartphone app in liaison with the mower and app squads respectively.

Time: 5 hrs


21 April 2022
Attended team meeting. Had separate meeting with the app squad to explain and discuss how the app should fetch data through the API.
Co-coded with Robin and rewrote the Mower class into an inheriting class of DbBuddy. Finalized test code for the Journey class.

Time: 5 hrs
 
